iphone4 was groundbreaking it's one of
the best products with ever designed and
it's gone on to become the number one
smartphone in the world so we had this
challenge how do you improve on
something that's so extraordinary well
with iphone 4s we did exactly that by
taking this amazing design and
completely rethinking the inside we
started by adding the dual-core a5 chip
which is up to twice as fast then we
completely redesign the camera which not
only has eight megapixels but all new
optics iphone 4s also comes with iOS 5
with over 200 new features and iCloud
and now we're introducing Siri how can I
help you Siri is a whole new way of
interacting with your iPhone using just
your voice find me an Italian restaurant
in north beach ok these 25 italian
restaurants are in north beach it's like
this amazing assistant it listens to you
understands you can answer your
questions it could even accomplish tasks
for you move my meeting with kelly all
tech to 12 note that you already have a
meeting about budgets at 12pm shall I
schedule dis anyway move it to to a lot
of devices can recognize the words you
say but the ability to understand what
you mean and act on it that's the
breakthrough in Syria read me my text
from toni ribas are you going to the
party reply yeah I'll meet you there
remind me to grab the present when I get
home here's your reminder for when you
get home it completely changes the way
you think about what a phone can do for
you one of the biggest advances for the
iphone 4s is an ex performance it uses
the same powerful dual-core a5 chip
that's in ipad 2 with two processors
handling the workload it really makes a
big difference apps will launch and run
faster graphics can render up to 7 times
quicker making gameplay a lot better and
in Safari web pages will load up to
twice as fast and it's the world's first
phone to intelligently switch between
two antennas to transmit and receive
calls iPhone 4s it's now a world phone
so both gsm and cdma customers can roam
worldwide on GSM networks iphone 4s also
has an all-new 8 megapixel camera which
dramatically increases the amount of
detail in your photos but the quality of
a photograph isn't just about megapixels
the optics of the camera are just as
crucial and we've made significant
improvements here we increase the size
of the aperture to let more light in we
added a fifth lens which gives you a
sharper image overall and the new sensor
is designed to capture more light within
each pixel so you get far sharper photos
with more detail and more accurate color
when you see the quality of the photos
you get from this
it's hard to believe they came from a
mobile phone we also know people love to
shoot video on their iPhone so we've
made some big advancements here too
iphone 4s records 1080p HD video and 30
frames per second plus the gyro along
with the incredible new software will
stabilize your video as you shoot it
this will make your videos look a lot
smoother we've taken what was already an
amazing camera and made it even better
now with face detection the camera is
smart enough to know whether you're
taking a portrait or a group shot and
automatically focus and expose for
either you get quicker access to your
camera right from the lock screen you
can use the volume button to take a
photo and then you can crop enhance and
edit your photos right on your iPhone
Iowa's 5 gives you over 200 other new
and improved features including
Notification Center I message and
reminders iphone 4s also comes with
iCloud iCloud storage your music photos
apps mail contacts calendars documents
and more and wirelessly pushes your
content to your devices automatically
with iCloud you don't have to do
anything it just works we thought
through every square millimeter of
what's inside the iphone 4s with the new
dual-core a5 chip it's so much faster
the new camera is incredible it comes
with iOS 5 and iCloud and with Siri your
iPhone can do things no other phone has
ever done iphone 4s is the most amazing
iPhone
you